Update documentation (#7)
hpides/viper: CMakeLists.txt

project(viper)

set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 17)

### OPTIONS ###
option(VIPER_BUILD_PLAYGROUND "Set ON if playground should be built." OFF)

option(VIPER_BUILD_BENCHMARKS "Set OM if benchmarks should be built." OFF)

option(VIPER_CONCURRENT_QUEUE_PROVIDED "Set ON if the concurrentqueue dependency is provided and should not be
                                        downloaded by Viper." OFF)

> option(VIPER_PMDK_PROVIDED "Set OFF if libpmem is not used in your project and should be  included by Viper.

Author: ```suggestion
option(VIPER_PMDK_PROVIDED "Set OFF if libpmem is not handled by your project and should be included by Viper.
```
